README.md, before:

dp-search-monitoring
==================

### Configuration

| Environment variable  | Type    | Default          | Description
| --------------------  | ------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------
| AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID     | String  | N/A              | AWS access key.
| AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY | String  | N/A              | AWS secret access key.
| AWS_REGION            | String  | N/A              | AWS region to use.
| ANALYTICS_SQS_URL     | String  | N/A              | URL of SQS queue to use.
| SQS_WAIT_TIMEOUT      | int64   | 20               | Timeout in seconds (must be between 0 and 20).
| MONGODB_URL           | String  | localhost:27017  | MongoDB URL.
| MONGO_DB              | String  | local            | Database to use in MongoDB.
| MONGO_COLLECTION      | String  | searchstats      | Collection to use in MongoDB.
| RUN_ON_STARTUP        | Boolean | true             | Run import on startup.
| TIME_UNIT             | String  | DAYS             | Schedule imports by day (DAYS), hour (HOURS) or minutes (MINS).
| TIME_WINDOW           | uint64  | 1                | Time window for job to run (i.e every 'x' DAYS).
| AT_TIME               | String  | 00:00            | Time to run job (when using TIME_UNIT='DAYS' only).

### Licence

Copyright ©‎ 2016, Office for National Statistics (https://www.ons.gov.uk)

Released under MIT license, see [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for details.

Commit message:

Made SQS_DELETE_ENABLED configurable and defaults to false

README.md, after:

dp-search-monitoring
==================

### Configuration

| Environment variable  | Type    | Default          | Description
| --------------------  | ------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------
| AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID     | String  | N/A              | AWS access key.
| AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY | String  | N/A              | AWS secret access key.
| AWS_REGION            | String  | N/A              | AWS region to use.
| ANALYTICS_SQS_URL     | String  | N/A              | URL of SQS queue to use.
| SQS_WAIT_TIMEOUT      | int64   | 20               | Timeout in seconds (must be between 0 and 20).
| SQS_DELETE_ENABLED    | Boolean | false            | Specify if deletion of SQS messages is permitted.
| MONGODB_URL           | String  | localhost:27017  | MongoDB URL.
| MONGO_DB              | String  | local            | Database to use in MongoDB.
| MONGO_COLLECTION      | String  | searchstats      | Collection to use in MongoDB.
| RUN_ON_STARTUP        | Boolean | true             | Run import on startup.
| TIME_UNIT             | String  | DAYS             | Schedule imports by day (DAYS), hour (HOURS) or minutes (MINS).
| TIME_WINDOW           | uint64  | 1                | Time window for job to run (i.e every 'x' DAYS).
| AT_TIME               | String  | 00:00            | Time to run job (when using TIME_UNIT='DAYS' only).

### Licence

Copyright ©‎ 2016, Office for National Statistics (https://www.ons.gov.uk)

Released under MIT license, see [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for details.
